docs(functional-tests): add skip and fixme clarification and update best practices and guidelines (#536)
mozilla/ecosystem-platform: docs/reference/functional-testing.md

});
```

> Centralizing locators to POMs (Project-Object-Model) reduces the code change scope and impact when they require updating. It is preferable to use user-facing built in locators when possible (see [Locators](https://playwright.dev/docs/locators))

Reviewer: Per https://playwright.dev/docs/pom

```suggestion
Centralizing locators to POMs (Page Object Models) reduces the code change scope and impact when they require updating. It is preferable to use user-facing built in locators when possible (see [Locators](https://playwright.dev/docs/locators))
```

> Centralizing locators to POMs (Project Object Model) reduces the code change scope and impact when they require updating. It is preferable to use user-facing built in locators when possible (see [Locators](https://playwright.dev/docs/locators))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Centralizing locators to POMs (Page Object Models) reduces the code change scope and impact when they require updating. It is preferable to use user-facing built in locators when possible (see [Locators](https://playwright.dev/docs/locators))
```

1. Do not comment-out test cases:
   Instead, use `test.fixme()` and `test.skip()` annotations. This allows for better metric calculation and Static Analysis/IDE feedback.
   - Reference a JIRA ticket in the annotations whenever possible
   - `test.fixme()` is preferred for tests in progress or tests requiring maintenance
   - `test.skip()` is preferred for project or feature flag constraints
    ```ts
    // Project
    test.skip(
      project.name === "production",
      "The test case is unsupported in production."
    );

    // Feature Flag
    test.skip(config.showReactApp.signInRoutes === true, "FXA-9410");
    ```

2. Exclude partially implemented tests from CI execution:
   Partial implementation can lead to miscommunication in the form of false positives

3. Exercise judgment with 3rd party UIs & flows:
   Generally speaking automating 3rd party interfaces is discouraged, since it can introduce brittleness and be the cause of false negatives

4. Prefer Fixtures over setup & teardown lifecycle methods:
   As recommended by Playwright, fixtures best promote reusability and facilitate test concurrency

5. Avoid Deprecated Playwright Functions:

>    Stay vigilant and avoid the use of deprecated functions in Playwright. Regularly consult the Playwright documentation for updates and transition to recommended alternatives to ensure compatibility and future-proofing of our test scripts

Reviewer: Not 100% sold on this/my suggestion (since it doesn't point to some magical definitive list of deprecated APIs), but figure it might be nice to add a free link to the Playwright docs; which just _happen_ to be their official "best practices" docs.

```suggestion
   Stay vigilant and avoid the use of deprecated functions in Playwright. Regularly consult the [Playwright documentation](https://playwright.dev/docs/best-practices) for updates and transition to recommended alternatives to ensure compatibility and future-proofing of our test scripts
```

Author: Your feedback actually makes me think we should remove the guideline. This is probably general to all software development and probably doesn't need to be stated.
